- CAN YOU BELIEVE IT'S MAY 1ST?
IT'S AMAZING, ISN'T IT?
IT'S ALREADY MAY.
TODAY IS A HOLIDAY.
IT'S KNOWN AS MAY DAY.
AND THIS MORNING I CELEBRATED
BY DANCING AROUND A MAY POLE.
AND I DON'T WANT TO BRAG,
BUT I MADE 20 BUCKS.
[cheers and applause]
THANKS VERY MUCH.
IT'S GOOD, 'CAUSE I'M SAVING UP
TO BUY THE LOS ANGELES CLIPPERS,
SO THAT'S...
[cheers and applause]
MAY 1ST.
YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS REALLY?
REALLY WHAT IT MEANS IS
THAT WE'RE ABOUT A MONTH AWAY
FROM SWIMSUIT SEASON,
AND, UH...
SORRY TO REMIND EVERYBODY
ABOUT THAT.
I KNOW.
PEOPLE--USUALLY RIGHT
AROUND NOW,
WE START PANICKING,
'CAUSE EVERYBODY WANTS TO LOSE
A FEW POUNDS
BEFORE WE PUT ON A BATHING SUIT.
MY ADVICE IS,
DO IT THE OLD-FASHIONED WAY.
DRINK COFFEE
AND SMOKE CIGARETTES.
THAT'S SURE-FIRE WEIGHT LOSS.
ONE OF THE MOST POPULAR WAYS
THAT PEOPLE
ARE LOSING WEIGHT IS,
THEY'RE DOING A JUICE CLEANSE,
AND IT'S WHERE YOU SPEND
ANYWHERE FROM A COUPLE OF DAYS
TO A WEEK NOT EATING.
INSTEAD YOU JUST DRINK A BUNCH
OF VERY EXPENSIVE JUICES.
AND IT'S GREAT
IF YOU LOVE HAVING JUICE
AND HATE HAVING MONEY.
THAT'S WHAT IT'S--THEY'RE
EXPENSIVE, IS WHAT THEY ARE.
JUICE--YOU'D THINK JUICE
WOULDN'T BE EXPENSIVE.
IT'S EXPENSIVE,
AND PEOPLE ARE SO EXCITED
WHEN THEY GET STARTED TOO.
THEY COME INTO THE OFFICE
ON MONDAY MORNING.
THEY'VE GOT A DUFFEL BAG FULL
OF 30 DIFFERENT JUICES.
FOR THE FIRST HOUR,
THAT'S WHAT THEY DRINK.
AND THEN THE ENTIRE MORNING,
JUICE CLEANSE IS
ALL THEY TALK ABOUT.
YOU KNOW,
"HOW WAS YOUR WEEKEND?"
"I'M ON A JUICE CLEANSE."
"HOW ARE YOUR KIDS?"
"WHO CARES?
I'M ON A JUICE CLEANSE."
BY LUNCH, THEY'RE STARTING
TO REGRET THEIR DECISION.
THEY'RE JUST STARING AT THE FOOD
WHILE YOU EAT THE FOOD.
AND THEN THEY'RE STANDING
TOO CLOSE TO YOU ALL DAY LONG
JUST TRYING TO SMELL THE FOOD
FROM YOUR BREATH,
WHICH IS DISGUSTING.
AND AT THE END OF THE DAY,
THEY'VE LOST THEIR WILL TO LIVE.
THEY'RE JUST CRAWLING
INTO YOUR OFFICE.
THEY'RE LAYING ON THE FLOOR.
THEY'RE CRYING.
YOU LEAN DOWN TO COMFORT THEM,
THEY START GNAWING ON YOUR HAIR,
JUST TRYING TO--
ANY FOOD THAT MAY HAVE FALLEN
IN YOUR HAIR, THEY WANT.
AROUND THE THIRD DAY,
THEY'RE HUNGRY.
THEY JUST--THEY'RE JUST
NOT EVEN HUNGRY.
THEY'RE JUST ANGRY.
AND YOU ASK HOW
THEIR JUICE CLEANSE IS GOING,
AND THEY YELL BACK, "YOUR MOM IS
A JUICE CLEANSE!"
AND YOU'RE JUST LIKE,
"WHAT DOES THAT EVEN MEAN?
'YOUR MOM IS A JUICE CLEANSE'?"
BY THE END OF THE WEEK,
THEY'RE IN A GREAT MOOD.
THEY SAY THEY'RE EUPHORIC,
AND THEY'RE PROUD BECAUSE
THEY'VE LOST THREE POUNDS,
AND YOU DON'T HAVE
THE HEART TO TELL 'EM
IT'S 'CAUSE THEY FORGOT TO PUT
ON THEIR SHOES AND PANTS.
JUST DELIRIOUS BY NOW.
YOU REALLY DON'T NEED
A JUICE CLEANSE
TO MAKE YOU FEEL GOOD.
IF YOU WANT TO FEEL EUPHORIC,
YOU JUST HAVE TO DANCE.